Add DD_TRACE_FORKED_PROCESS env var to PHP config (#16418)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/php.md

**Default**: `0`<br>
Enable debug mode. When `1`, log messages are sent to the device or file set in the `error_log` INI setting. The actual value of `error_log` might be different than the output of `php -i` as it can be overwritten in the PHP-FPM/Apache configuration files.

`DD_TRACE_FORKED_PROCESS`
: **INI**: `datadog.trace.forked_process`<br>
**Default**: `1`<br>

> Start a fresh or a distributed trace, depending on `DD_DISTRIBUTED_TRACING`. If set to `0`, the tracer will be disabled in the forked process. It then can be manually re-enabled in code with `ini_set("datadog.trace.enabled", "1");`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates whether to trace a forked process. Set to `1` to trace forked processes, or to `0` to disable tracing in forked processes. You can manually re-enable a process's trace in code with `ini_set("datadog.trace.enabled", "1");`. If `DD_DISTRIBUTED_TRACING is off (`0`), a forked process starts a fresh trace. Otherwise, If distributed tracing is on, the forked process trace is part of the distributed trace.

Author: Hm, I actually need to convey: If `DD_TRACE_FORKED_PROCESS` is off, then re-enabling it will regardless of `DD_DISTRIBUTED_TRACING` always start a fresh trace. Only when both are on in config, there will be a distributed trace across both processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates whether to trace a forked process. Set to `1` to trace forked processes, or to `0` to disable tracing in forked processes. If set to `0.` you can still manually re-enable a process's trace in code with `ini_set("datadog.trace.enabled", "1");`, but it will be presented as a fresh trace. Forked process traces are shown as whole distributed traces only when both `DD_TRACE_FORKED_PROCESS` and `DD_DISTRIBUTED_TRACING` are configured to `1` (on).
```
